Each Day is Valentine’s Day
Published on February 13, 2007.
So I thought it’d be fun to do a recording of My Funny Valentine, since it’s a pretty cool song and it’s also almost Valentine’s Day.
Not that I particularly like the holiday, being single and all… I like the song because it’s got weird mixed signals.
Like the lyrics are somewhat upbeat, but the music itself is so freakin’ sad!
Anyway, here’s me playing My Funny Valentine along with a cool dude named Jamey Aebersold.
I recorded it using the iSight from my Macbook, and the built in mic, so the sound quality isn’t the best.
Also, I screwed up a few times, but hey, the song itself is about an ideal non-ideal valentine, so my solo doesn’t have to be perfect!
And here’s the lyrics in case you don’t believe me:
My Funny Valentine
My funny valentine Sweet comic valentine You make me smile with my heart Your looks are laughable Unphotographable Yet you’re my favorite work of art Is your figure less than Greek?
Is you mouth a little weak?
When you open it to speak?
Are you smart?
But don’t change a hair for me Not if you care for me Stay, little valentine, stay Each day is valentine’s day